If you are just curious about using Gitso, there is no need to build it from Source. Please see the [http://code.google.com/p/gitso/downloads/list Downloads Page].

If you're interested in digging around in the code or submitting a patch, I'd recommend grabbing a snapshot from [http://code.google.com/p/gitso/source/checkout SVN]. 
Patches are definitely welcome! However, if you want to create a specialized build for yourself, I'd recomment download the [http://gitso.googlecode.com/files/gitso_0.6_src.tar.bz2 latest stable version of the source].

==Instructions:==
  * [BuildOSX Mac OS X]
  * [BuildWin32 Windows]
  * [BuildLinux Linux (Ubuntu, Fedora, OpenSUSE)]

==How it Works==
Using Python and wxWidgets, Gitso utilizes other applications for the actual VNC work:

    * Getting support relies on x11vnc -connect (varies per platform).
    * Giving support relies on vncviewer -listen (varies per platform).

==Command line options==
There are a number of command line switches that Gitso supports.
  * *--dev* This should be used when calling gitso from the source. This enables the code to look in the appropriate place for various assets.
  * *--listen* Gitso will start and automatically listen for connections (AKA give support)..
  * *--connect IP* Gitso will start and automatically try to connect to the IP address.
  * *--list list_file* Gitso will look to this external list, can be local or via HTTP for the hosts lists. Ex: You could add a list to your web server so every time the user connected with this option, they would get an up-to-date support list from your server.
  * *--version* Show the current release of Gitso.
  * *--help* Show these options.